Token Plans and Pricing.md, before:

BlockAuth will generate a total of 20,996,011 Tokens on the Mastercoin Protocol. 

5 million of those will be available during the crowdsale. 

The first million tokens will be offered for 0.0005 BTC and will generate up to 500 BTC
The next two million tokens will be offered for 0.0001 BTC and will generate up to 2000 BTC
The last two million tokens will be offered for 0.0002 BTC and will generate up to 4000 BTC

In the event that all tokens are sold during the crowdsale, a total of 6500 BTC will be raised. 

If all of the tokens are not sold, buyers will be proportionally issued the remaining tokens as
a bonus so the end result of the crowdsale is that all 5 million tokens will be distributed. 

In order to participate in the crowdsale, users will create an account on the beta Registrar.io service
Upon logging into the BlockAuth crowdsale system, they will be given an individual Bitcoin deposit address
that funds their account. 

Transactions are applied immediately, but invalid Bitcoin transactions will result in the canceling of the order and the
release of the tokens back into the purchase pool.

At the conclusion of the crowdsale, users will be able to log into the BlockAuth website to view their 
balances, submit buy and sell orders on the BlockAuth Token Exchange, or withdraw their tokens to a Mastercoin
wallet of their choice.

Commit message:

Updated Token Plans and Pricing.md

Token Plans and Pricing.md, after:

## Token Generation
BlockAuth will generate a total of 20,996,011 Tokens on the Mastercoin Protocol. 

5 million of those will be available during the crowdsale. 

## Crowdsale Pricing
The first million tokens will be offered for 0.0005 BTC and will generate up to 500 BTC
The next two million tokens will be offered for 0.0001 BTC and will generate up to 2000 BTC
The last two million tokens will be offered for 0.0002 BTC and will generate up to 4000 BTC

In the event that all tokens are sold during the crowdsale, a total of 6500 BTC will be raised. 

Any unsold tokens will be proportionally issued as a bonus to the buyers who participated. The end result of the crowdsale is that all 5 million tokens will be distributed regardless of how many Bitcoins are raised. 

## Crowdsale participation
The crowdsale is open to users worldwide who are able to send Bitcoin. 

In order to participate in the crowdsale, users will create an account on the beta Registrar.io service, a reference copy of what the upcoming franchised BlockAuth Identity Providers will be able to provide. 

Upon logging into the BlockAuth crowdsale system, buyers will be given an individual Bitcoin deposit address
to fund their account. 

Bitcoin transactions are applied immediately, but invalid Bitcoin transactions will result in the canceling of the order and the release of the tokens back into the pool of available tokens.

At the conclusion of the crowdsale, users will be able to log into the BlockAuth website to view their 
balances, submit buy and sell orders on the BlockAuth Token Exchange, or withdraw their tokens to a Mastercoin
wallet of their choice.
